Hello,
Ah, keep trying. Said,
You guys are dealing with it.
Mr. Zhou, prepare some Peshe milk for me,
Are you lazy? Why didn’t I see it?
He didn't come. Isn't he resigning?
It's impossible for him to resign, but for you.
Our cooperation has such a big problem,
Tomorrow sister, my brother will not be the consul’s false support,
What should we do if we cooperate? How should this be calculated?
Mr. Zhou, this isn’t your first time discussing business with someone, is it?
Your losses are all written in the contract.
You can only eat this Yawakui by yourself
You choose your partners yourself
Lou Ruan is crazy. What are you talking about?
Definitely not self-reliant
I really thought I was so attractive
Don't let Da Zhangnan be a big brother
Don't celebrate half-beauties properly.